DOCTOR ON THE EDGE
THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION SOME SCENES WERE GENERATED USING AI
CHILD ACTORS AND ANIMALS WERE FILMED SAFELY
CONDOLENCES
THE LATE OH MIJA
Why were you in such a rush to leave us
And walk down such a scary road all alone?
By the way,
What's taking the picture frame so long to get here?
This doesn't look good at all.
They said it's coming with the evening ferry.
But where's Ms. Hari?
I brought some porridge to help her regain some strength.
Right.
She was definitely here a minute ago.
Goodness, where has she gone? Huh?
I'll go look for her.
- Okay. - I'll go with you.
Ms. Yuk.
Hari, what are you doing?
My grandma
Likes my pasta more than anything else.
I couldn't do anything for her.
So this is the least I could do.
:cue
What are you doing here alone?
I thought you might be cold.
Have you
Had anything to eat?
It's not like Pyeondongdo will ever let me go hungry.
Everyone kept feeding me nonstop.
They brought me breakfast, lunch, dinner, and even dessert,
Saying I'll need a full belly to have the energy to grieve.
I'm
I'm going to stay strong and stop crying
To give my grandma a proper send-off.
Whenever I cried, my grandma used to go three days without sleep
Because it tore her up inside.
Can I also count on your help, Dr. Do?
Please just pretend you don't see me.
I don't hate you or anything
But every time I see you, I feel like breaking down in tears.
You understand, right?
EPISODE 8 I CAN'T DO IT. I CAN'T IGNORE YOU.
:cue
FOR EXCELLENCE
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER
Hello, everyone.
- Ms. Yuk. - Ms. Yuk.
Why'd you come to work already?
Of course I should. We're not done with the surveys.
Thanks to all of you, I was able to give my grandma a proper farewell.
You made the right call coming to work.
Someone high-octane like you only struggles when stuck at home.
Right.
Help us!
Please help us or he's really going to die!
Over here! He's bleeding all over right now!
- Sangjin! - Over here! Hurry!
Get out of the way!
I'll hold it down.
- Get an IV line going. Start Hartmann's. - Okay.
INTRAVENOUS LINE IV FLUID
Sir, can you hear me?
- I can. - Okay.
He's got a weak pulse.
I think a major vessel's compromised.
Seems like the jugular is severed, with possible carotid damage.
What are you going to do?
I don't think transporting him is an option right now.
Let's pack the wound. I'll clamp the vessel.
Here?
Yes. Keep holding pressure.
APPLYING DIRECT PRESSURE TO THE WOUND TO STOP BLEEDING
- Please hold this up for me. - Okay.
Okay, I got it.
-  Okay. -  Pack it with the gauze.
Hello?
- What? - What is it?
They're saying the helicopter can't land because of the construction
And that a medical boat will be faster.
What do you mean?
We have no time!
He's lost so much blood already!
Let's move him first. Please help me.
Come over here and grab him. We'll be moving the patient.
Looks like a partial tear to the right carotid.
The SCM's blown, and there's a partial EJV transection.
He's mentally clear and vitals are stable. He's all yours.
Thank you for your hard work. We'll take it from here. :cue
Best of luck.
Doctor, Sangjin's going to be okay, right?
Yes, he should be fine as long as the surgery goes well.
What the hell is going on?
Goddamn it!
Another accident? What is it this time?
Are you freaking kidding me right now?
How do you keep screwing up and causing so many damn accidents?
I told you we couldn't do it! I told you we couldn't meet that deadline!
People are only getting injured because you keep rushing us!
That's why I told you to stick to the safety protocols!
Why are you blaming me after mucking up your job?
We set the deadline to match the day of the governor's visit,
So stop talking out of your ass.
-  You - Hey, what are you doing?
A man's about to die, and all you care about
Is the day of the governor's visit?
Geez, here we go again with this shit.
Let go. Have you lost it?
A man almost died!
I said, let go!
Holy crap! It's one thing after another!
- What does that have to do with me? - What's the matter with you?
- You stay out of this. -  Are you okay, sir?
You do realize this counts as an industrial accident, right?
Project supervisors are liable for them.
If they hold you responsible for--
Not this law crap again!
I can't take this anymore.
So stay out of this, miss.
I said, stay out of it!
Huh?
Let go of me.
Oh, for the love of
D-Dr. Hyeon
I thought I warned you not to cross me a third time!
I don't think you're the one in charge of this construction project.
Since this is a Yeopoong-gun project, isn't it the governor?
File a claim for workers' compensation
With the governor of Yeopoong-gun right now.
What?
There's no need for that.
Why bring the governor into this?
Okay, I get it.
I said, I get it.
That damn construction project's really going to get someone killed!
Hmm?
How badly are they running it
To cause this many injuries?
Goodness
Dr. Hyeon.
Let's put some ointment on that.
By the way
It's a bit odd that you told me to follow you,
Only to have me apply it myself.
Your hand's fine, so it's better to do it yourself.
Why'd you tell me to come if you weren't going to do it for me?
Because I was grateful for your help.
To be honest, I was really scared earlier.
Really?
I had no idea.
If anything, I thought he was the one who was really scared.
Come on, no way.
No, seriously. I bet you could beat him in a fight.
- You used to fight a lot in school, right? - Hey.
- He's a doctor. -  You've got this aura about you
I'm sure he's better at treating himself.
Hey, that hurts.
Why do they keep laughing so much? :cue
I feel bad for Dr. Jiui.
Wow. There are worse reasons to pity someone.
Dr. Jiui still likes Ms. Hari.
If he likes her so much, why did he do that?
I heard he also helped Ms. Hari's grandma with the advance directive.
That's because he's a doctor.
He's a boyfriend first and a doctor second.
Do you think she needed a doctor by her side
When her only family member was about to pass away?
She needed someone who would take her side no matter what,
And lend her an ear.
But still
I'm saying, you can't always figure out matters of the heart with logic.
Even if something makes sense in your head,
It might not in your heart.
I won't do that to you.
I'll take your side, no matter what happens.
Hmm We'll see about that.
I mean it, though.
Let's go.
Hmm?
I haven't seen those flowers before.
I was expecting a guest, so I figured they would look nice.
Hmm
A guest?
Hmm?
They're so pretty! Really!
Your guest loves them so much.
Hmm
Since it's raining and all
Your guest would like to stay over for some ramyeon.
The thing is, I'm actually all out of ramyeon.
Would you mind grabbing some? Two should do.
Two?
Really?
I'm really going to bring some back, okay? Two.
- Dr. Jucheon! - Yes?
We shouldn't have ramyeon so late at night. Go home and sleep!
Oh, man!
Is she playing games with me?
She's the one who told me to get two. That was such a rare opportunity too.
Goodness me, it sure is raining hard.
What's with all this rain?
Granny, it's me.
Oh, you're here?
Have you eaten yet?
- Of course I have. It's so late. - Yeah?
Gosh, this rain. It doesn't bode well.
You're right.
On days like this, be sure to shut your windows tight.
Don't worry. My grandma's going to
Goodness, I shouldn't have said that.
What?
- The windows! - Hmm?
- Oh, no! - Oh, my.
Granny, I'm going!
Okay.
LUCKY SUPERMARKET
Hurry
Oh, no!
No!
Gosh!
Oh
What's happening?
:cue
Oh, my.
It poured like crazy yesterday, but it's sunny as ever outside today.
Winter weather is always fickle like that.
Right.
- Huh? - Huh?
What the heck is that?
Huh?
What is all this?
Hello. I'm having some issues back at home, so
What kind of issues made you pack your things?
There's a leak in my roof,
So Mr. Park took a look at it for me and said that fixing it will take days.
A leak? That's bad.
So I wanted to ask
Could I stay here for a while until they're done fixing my house?
- You want to sleep at the center? - Yes.
We have quite a few chairs and beds here, so
You can't do that.
That would be so uncomfortable.
Just come to my house instead.
What?
No, that's fine.
How could I stay at your house when your husband's there?
If you're uncomfortable, he can just stay somewhere else.
Then you should stay at Ms. Jeongseon's house.
My house?
You live alone anyway,
So just let her crash there for a few days like you're sisters.
I am so sorry, but I'm actually expecting a guest.
Hey, it's fine.
-  Come stay at our quarters. - Sorry?
The quarters were made for medical personnel,
So it's okay for you to use them, and we've got plenty of rooms.
Sure, we have a lot of rooms, but they're all occupied.
- It's - Yes! That sounds like the best option.
I've been concerned about you living alone,
But it'll be great having a full house here at the quarters, right?
You'll also feel less lonely that way.
Is this everything?
But, I
Just stay here. That'll put everyone at ease.
If you insist on sleeping over there,
Everyone on Pyeondongdo will be worried sick about you.
So that settles everything, right?
Gosh, that puts my mind at ease.
-  Thank you. - Of course.
- Let's go, Dr. Do. - Okay.
What time should your guest come over?
What are you talking about?
The guest you were talking about was me, wasn't it?
Geez, what nonsense is this?
Did you really think I'd be so desperate for a man
That I'd turn Ms. Hari away for you?
What the
Then someone's actually coming over?
Who is it?
You wouldn't know even if I told you.
I wouldn't know, but I have a right to ask.
I'm your boyfriend.
It's a friend.
My friend is visiting Pyeondongdo for the first time in a while,
So I agreed to let them stay for a few days.
Hmm
You must be close if you're letting them stay over.
Why don't you introduce me?
Introduce you?
Yes. A friend of yours is a friend of mine, after all.
Forget it, okay?
We're not even that close, and they won't be staying long.
Gosh, we always get a lot of patients around this time, so get to work.
Hmm.
Why won't she introduce me to her friend? What's going on?
Is she shy or what? :cue
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER
Hello. Welcome to the staff quarters.
I hope I don't make things too awkward for you.
Come on, it won't be awkward at all. The more, the merrier.
You should get some rest now. Your room is this--
Stay in this one.
This is the biggest room and it's also got a view of the ocean.
- I'm on call anyway, so -  Hmm.
Yeah, you should stay in this one.
Dr. Jiui made a huge fuss cleaning that room.
- Why would you bring that up? - You did, didn't you?
You even wiped down the shelves with disinfecting wipes like in an OR.
Go ahead and get some rest. You must be tired.
You should head inside.
Okay. Then
Then
Sleep tight, you two.
Though I'm not sure if you'll be able to.
If you're uncomfortable sleeping in the living room
No, not at all.
Okay then.
That jerk.
PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER
CLOSED
:cue
Dr. Do.
Dr. Do!
Look at you.
Snoring away without a care in the world while your ex is around.
What is it?
- Get up. We're having breakfast. - What?
Breakfast? All of a sudden?
Ms. Hari wanted to pay us back for letting her stay.
Do you really feel nothing when you see that?
Don't you see that man who's standing there
With his hair done at the crack of dawn?
The early bird gets extra time to sing a love serenade.
Get up quickly.
- Thank you so much. - Of course. Enjoy.
Oh! Let me grab some ketchup for you guys.
If you're not going to do anything, at least try to enjoy the food.
There
This is really delicious.
It really is.
Gosh
Why are you complaining to me that you ran out of cigarettes?
I don't know.
And you'd better not smoke in the room.
- Ms. Eom. - Yes?
Did your friend make it here okay?
Yes.
You weren't picking up, so I just called you once,
Then went straight to bed.
You called? Things were really hectic, so
Mmm How long have you been friends?
Have you known them since middle school? High school?
We're just friends.
Mmm
So you've been friends for a while, huh?
I'm dying to get to know your friend.
Can't we meet up? I'll treat you guys--
I told you, no.
Ms. Eom.
Why do you keep trying to butt into someone else's private life?
S
S-Someone else's?
Oh
What I meant is
I was just curious as to what kind of childhood you had,
Since you're someone I care about.
But if you felt like I was overstepping, I'm sorry.
INCOMING CALL KIM JIUNG :cue
Granny.
Oh, come in. How are things at the staff quarters?
Is everything to your liking?
I told you to just come to my house.
Why did you choose such an awkward living arrangement?
It's not awkward at all.
Oh, please.
If things aren't awkward, why are you here?
By the way, are you going to stop hanging out with that doctor?
Eh?
Don't be so hard on him.
Mija was actually relieved that he was around.
I'm sure Mija's relieved that you have a good man by your side.
Granny, on second thought, I think I'll just head back.
You turn in for the night.
Take care.
Goodness.
Huh?
What are you doing here?
Oh, I just came out for a walk because I was bored.
But I think this streetlight's broken.
Should I go to Mr. Park to have it dealt with?
Have you had dinner yet?
I haven't.
Dr. Hyeon.
Thank you.
I know all about it.
How you must have had to go out of your way
To get my grandma into the clinical trials.
I've been meaning to thank you.
For looking into treatments for my grandma,
And also for putting up with my ridiculous requests.
And also
For liking me.
But you should stop now.
I know it's really hard on you too.
:cue
Is it because of Dr. Do Jiui?
Has your attempt to blame him for everything
Failed?
Mm-hmm.
You cried all the time when you were with him, though.
I'll also try
To stop liking you.
But you know how hard that is.
Shall we eat?
Mmm.
That's good.
Does it still hurt?
Yes.
What the heck is causing these muscle aches anyway?
I just had to take care of some stuff.
Some stuff?
You need to get your priorities straight!
Don't you see how Ms. Hari and Dr. Chiyeon's rooms are empty?
Instead of sticking those pain relief patches on,
You should be sticking to her if you like her.
That's what it means to like someone!
You ninnyhammer.
MS. HWANG SINHYE
Hello?
Dr. Do, you're at the center, right?
I've just been told that a patient is headed there.
A patient?
I got a few bug bites.
But it's been itching so much
That I've been having trouble falling asleep.
Goodness.
What were mosquitoes even doing out in winter anyway?
They really got me good.
But it seems the bites are only on one side.
I'm a heavy sleeper, you see.
Any other symptoms?
Oh, none whatsoever.
I'll prescribe you some ointment you can apply whenever it itches.
Okay.
Be safe on your way back.
One of his legs
He has an asymmetrical gait.
Right?
How long have you been standing there?
I just got here.
What were you doing here?
Dr. Do.
- Want to go running together? - What?
I know you're also having trouble falling asleep anyway. :cue
Don't push yourself too hard.
Push myself too hard? Not at all.
I'm just worried you might overdo it so late at night.
Guess we'll find out.
Hey, wait!
Wait! Damn it.
Seriously? Cheap move, man!
- Try to keep up! - What?
Shit
Yeah!
Damn it
Wait up.
Wait
Wait! Wait!
Wait Wait. Wait.
Looks like you could use some more exercise.
It's not like that, okay?
Overworking yourself before going to bed only gets in the way of sleep
- Oh, man. - I really don't get it.
What do you mean?
I've got more going for me than just my stamina.
I'm fairly handsome, and I come from a decent family.
Wouldn't anyone agree that I'm the better option?
What's with the sudden monologue?
I'm just annoyed
That Ms. Hari chose you and not me.
Be good to Ms. Hari.
She's always alone, and it breaks my heart.
What am I even saying?
- Let's go. - Oh :cue
Man, why do I have to deal with such nonsense so early in the morning?
- Higher! - Okay!
- Raise it a little higher! - Okay.
Yes. Tie it! That's it! Yep!
CELEBRATING THE HELIPAD RENEWAL
PYEONDONGDO WELCOMES GOVERNOR KO
Have a seat. I'll get you your medicine.
Sure.
Huh?
What's with the suit?
You helped with the banners and you still don't get it?
It's an inaugural celebration for the helipad.
The county office asked me to deliver a speech as the village chief.
The governor will be attending.
Why would they care about what a village chief has to say?
Enough. Just take your meds and go.
What's there to celebrate
About tearing down a working helipad and rebuilding it?
With local elections coming up,
I'm sure he needed some tangible results to save face.
If he wanted tangible results,
He could have gotten us an X-ray machine instead.
I guess getting X-ray machines for the health center lacks pizzazz.
Oh, my. I hope you're not all busy right now.
Goodness, Mr. Park, you're looking sharp today.
What are you doing here?
Come out, everyone!
I've got an announcement to make.
Damn, what's with those sour looks on your faces?
You're hurting my feelings, okay?
- Here's the official notice. - What's it about?
It's an official notice requesting
All of our esteemed PH docs to attend the helipad inauguration ceremony today.
Why do you need doctors and nurses to attend a helipad inauguration?
What if an urgent patient shows up?
At worst, they'll be dealing with the common cold or athlete's foot,
So tell them to just suck it up.
The governor's traveling a long way, so you should be there.
Who does the governor think he is, the president?
Ma'am! The governor is indeed the president in Yeopoong-gun!
And I'm the prime minister, his second-in-command!
This right here is an official notice!
And as civil servants, you have to comply.
With next year's budget execution right around the corner,
A win for Yeopoong-gun will be a win for all of you.
Wouldn't you agree?
I'd better see you all later. Okay?
Wachow!
Bam!
Who the hell does he think he is?
Punk-ass brat
What did they call the chopper for when there's no patient?
They always complain to us about how much calling one costs.
It's all for show.
There's your answer.
The governor's very own dog-and-pony show.
But what's taking the governor so long?
We must have waited an hour for him already.
What kind of VIP would he be if he arrived early for such a venue?
The star of the show's always supposed to make a point of arriving late.
-  Goodness - When the governor arrives,
Pin a flower on him.
He's here!
My, my, what lovely weather we have!
Goodness, thank you.
That's good.
My, if it isn't Dr. Do Jiui.
So how are things now that you've returned to your patients?
Ah, I've been getting by.
Funny how there are always cameras around when I see you, Governor.
My, I see you've been working on your jokes, Dr. Do.
Hello.
- Oh, my. Hello. - Get up. :cue
- Oh, my. - I'm the village chief.
I'm Lee Jangsu.
Now!
Okay, everyone. Please take your seats!
Hello.
Firstly, let's hear a word from Governor Ko Changmok,
Who spared no effort in aiding the construction of the helipad!
Let's give him a big round of applause!
Ko Changmok! Ko Changmok! Ko Changmok!
My heart is bursting with joy!
We were only able to wrap up
The construction of this helipad so quickly,
Thanks to the unwavering support of Pyeondongdo's residents.
- This is a day of celebration - Sir
- Yes? - Hello.
Did someone named Lee Hongsik visit the health center, by any chance?
- Mr. Lee Hongsik? - Yes.
All this time, Pyeon
Pyeondongdo, given its geographic conditions
When I got back from the mainland, my husband was missing
And he didn't answer his phone.
Last night, he told me he was going to revisit the health center
Because his ointment wasn't doing anything for him.
What were mosquitoes even doing out in winter anyway?
They really got me good.
Any other symptoms?
Oh, none whatsoever.
Aside from skin issues,
Does Mr. Lee Hongsik suffer from any other conditions?
Like Parkinson's?
Goodness, how did you
Oh, my
My husband told me to keep his Parkinson's a secret, no matter what.
- You haven't heard back since last night? - Yes.
Mr. Lee only had bites on one side,
So he must have suffered from nighttime rigidity for some time.
He could be in danger. We have to find him.
- Nighttime rigidity? - Ms. Hwang.
Yes. Oh, my What do we do?
Oh, my
What do we do?
- Mr. Park. - Right now, we
One of the villagers has gone missing.
They've gone missing?
He apparently has Parkinson's.
- You need to make an announcement. -  Hey!
- We need to -  Hey!
What are you doing right now? Sit down!
We need to all look for him.
What's his name?
Mr. Lee Hongsik.
- providing a patient with immediate care - I said, sit down!
Governor, something urgent has come up.
- So if you would lend me the mic - Mr. Park!
Can't you see the governor's in the middle of his speech?
- I told you, I have something to say! - Let go of him.
You heard the man. He has something to say.
Hurry
Distance will no longer be a limiting factor
In providing a patient with immediate care
I have an announcement for all Pyeondong residents present.
So Mr. Lee Hongsik, who has Parkinson's disease,
Has gone missing.
We'd like your help looking for Mr. Lee Hongsik.
- We'd appreciate your cooperation! -  This is urgent!
-  Mr. Lee Hongsik! -  What?
Where are you going?
The governor's in the middle of his speech!
Who cares about the governor when a man's life is in peril?
Byeongcheol!
Grow a conscience for once, and do the right thing!
Why, you!
- Sit back down! - But
We'll be giving you a gift after this is over!
Mr. Lee Hongsik!
Mr. Lee!
He can't have made it this far, though.
You're right. Maybe we should try this way
- I'll go this way. - Okay.
- Why don't we go this way? - Go that way.
Sir!
Mr. Lee!
Mr. Lee Hongsik!
Sir!
Mr. Lee! :cue
- Mr. Lee! - Honey!
Mr. Lee!
Honey!
Oh, gosh
Mr. Lee!
This is bad.
What is it?
Mr. Lee!
Wait just a moment. We'll come down!
No, stay here. I'll go.
Be careful.
Are you okay?
Mr. Lee.
Don't worry. I'm a doctor.
I'm sorry.
My legs stopped working all of a sudden, and
It's okay, sir.
Dr. Do, I'll let them know that we found the patient.
Wait
Hold on.
I don't want anyone else to know about this.
Ms. Yuk, he doesn't seem to have any severe injuries,
So I'll help him get back up there.
Okay.
- Sir, can you get up? - Yes.
Let's try getting you up. One, two
It's a relief we found you.
Your wife was worried sick, sir.
Gosh, I've caused so much trouble for everyone
-  Oh, goodness, honey! - Careful, ma'am.
Honey!
Are you injured? Does it hurt anywhere?
We could have pretended nothing happened if you had just let it pass.
Why'd you have to get everyone involved and make such a big deal out of nothing?
This is so humiliating!
I was just so worried about you.
You just had to make such a big deal out of nothing!
Goodness, thank you.
Thank you so much.
He must be in shock.
Yes. Goodness, I'm okay.
He wasn't lashing out because he was mad at me.
It's because he's mad at himself.
He wants to get better, but it's not working out.
So he's having a hard time admitting that he's sick.
Oh, goodness
Are you kidding me right now?
You couldn't stop one man and made me look like a clown up there!
I tried to stop him, but
I'll round up the reporters one more time, sir.
Next time, we'll even invite a bunch of A-list celebrities and--
Why should I entrust you with anything
When you can't even manage a puny island properly? Huh?
Apologies, sir.
- If you would give me one more chance-- - A chance?
Not in your wildest dreams.
I'd better not ever see you around again.
I mean it.
- I mean it! - We should get going, sir.
Sir, wait. Please!
If you were to give me one last chance, I, Yeom Byeongcheol
I, Yeom Byeongcheol, will lay down my life :cue
Oh, my. Hello.
I'm going to buy some sweet ice cream.
Hmm.
I'm sorry, but that one's my girlfriend's favorite.
Well, maybe she won't mind the chocolate-flavored one.
Damn, I just snagged the last one.
Yeah.
Do you need anything else?
How much is this?
- That'll be 4,000 won. - 4,000 won?
- I'd also like a bag, please. - Okay.
Sure.
Hmm.
Ms. Eom, I got you ice cream
Huh?
So Ms. Eom's friend
Is a guy?
PH DOC DO'S SWIFT JUDGMENT
Oh, for the love of
What the hell is all this?
You couldn't even stop an article like this from getting out?
How could you be so incompetent?
And what the hell is this punk's problem? Huh?
The article's littered with slander against me!
Damn it, being a governor's such a thankless job!
Goodness me. That photo sure came out great, huh?
What did I tell you?
I told you that suit wasn't just for show,
And I told you I'd get a word in!
You made it into the shot too, way in the back.
Did you see it?
I guess he doesn't like how he looks.
- That's right. Ms. Hari. - Yes?
- Can I pull you aside for a second? - Mm-hmm.
You all look like a bunch of Seoulites. You all look great.
- Please take a seat. - Okay.
Living without a home is taking a toll, isn't it?
Not at all.
Taking a look at your house,
We've found a lot of things that need fixing.
Giving the house a full makeover while we're at it would be nice.
But truth be told,
I'm hesitant because I'm not sure how long you'll be on the island. :cue
Ah
Since you're not from here, and
Granny Mija's no longer with us.
If you'll be leaving someday,
I don't know if you'd want to use that much money.
Do think it over and let me know.
- Mm-hmm. - I'll be going now. Okay?
Huh?
Dr. Do.
Ms. Yuk.
What is the matter with you?
I'm sorry for doing this without your permission.
All I've done is treat you horribly.
All I've done is mistreat you,
But why do you keep playing the nice guy with me?
I'm not a nice person.
That's why I can't do as you ask and go on pretending I don't see you. :cue
I can't do it.
I can't ignore you.
I can't help it, even if it makes you hate me, so
Can't you just put up with me?
I DON'T HATE YOU OR ANYTHING
BUT EVERY TIME I SEE YOU, I FEEL LIKE BREAKING DOWN IN TEARS.
ALWAYS WONDERED HOW THINGS LOOKED FROM BEHIND THE CAMERA
GRANDMA'S PHOTO IS BASICALLY A CHEAT CODE
JUST LOOKING AT IT MAKES ME TEAR UP
DOCTOR ON THE EDGE
Isn't it an emergency if contaminated IV fluid was administered?
Hurry!
This is clearly an illegal medical practice.
We're going to need you to head over there.
I'll go with him.
Mmm!
Ferry service has been suspended today due to the strong winds.
I guess only one room was available.
You're a nice boy who doesn't like crossing the line, aren't you?
No, I'm not.
Translated by Yoon Hyuk Park